# surfs_up

Written Analysis

While the weather in Oahu appears to be very pleasant year round, there are some key differences betwween the summer month of June and the winter month of December. The temperature is slightly hotter in June with a mean temperature of 74.9 degrees F compared to December at 68.7 degrees F. The temperatrue in June has ranged from 64 to 85 degrees with a standard deviation of 3.3. The Average precipitationo is very low in June and the maximum rainfall is 4.4. June appears to be an extremely pleasant time to be in Oahu. Looking at December, the mean temperature, as stated above, is 68.7. The temperature can ranged from 54 to 81 degrees witha standard deviation of 4.4. These stats are on the cooler side but are still pleasant temperatures. The maximum rainfall doubled with the most rainfall occuring in the 75th percentile. This is significantly more rain than June and might deter people from coming to the shop, depending on the shops location. While all this information is helpful, there are some areas for further analysis so we can get a better picture of the challenges the shop could face. I would suggest to determine how often the unfavorable rainfall and cooler temperatures occur together. People may be more willing to visit the shop if it is warmer and raining than cold and raining. We could also get the stats for each year indivudially rather than together to look for trends in the weather patterns. Is the temperature getting warmer each year? Has there been significantly more rainfall the past two Decembers-this could also give us insight into how often we might need to make repairs? We could also bring in time of day when looking at both the temperature and rainfall. If it is raining more in december at night, then the shop probably wouldn't be as impacted. I belive it would also be beneficial to analyze the humidity in addition to temp and rainfall. Finally, in case there are foreign investors, we could have our temperatures displayed in celcius as well as fahrenheit. 
